Hello everyone, I am Göktuğ, I am a sophomore at the department of computer engineering, and today I am going to talk about Elon Musk and his success story. Do you consider him as an influential people?  Even now, times gives place him in 100 most influential people in the world. So, let me introduce the outline. First, we ll talk about his early life, education, and his character. And second, we are going to talk about his business life, his investments and companies that Elon Musk involved in.


In his childhood, In the article at inside hook Lauer mentions his parents were divorced when he was just 10 years old.  Lauer says that Elon Musk calls his father as brilliant engineer and a terrible father. Lauer says that he physically abused sometimes by his father. But he did not give up He loved reading books, interested in computer science and space. By his age of 12, he was already taught himself coding and published his first game. According to the Biography.com Editors at his biography, he moved to us at the age of 17. He always wanted to enter market, so he dropped Stanford university while he was doing phd. In the article at inc.com zetlin mentions that his first wife spells these words about him : “The man does not take no for an answer”.

Let's move to the second part, business life. After dropping school, he had tons of ideas in his head, but his ideas were expensive, so he had to earn money. He initiated his first project, zip2. According to the biography.com editors, After developing this project about newspapers, just 4 years after initiation he sold it for 307 million dollars in cash. That was just a beginning, this was a good amount of money, but Elon Musk wanted to go to the space. So, let's look at the companies that musk involved in. These are the companies that graham evaluates as successful initiatives in one of his article at toptal.com. First one is like I mentioned before, zip2. He initiated this project at 1995 and sold it at 1999. The other project is as we all know SpaceX, what is SpaceX? SpaceX is one of the first commercial companies in the world that do test and research about space traveling and space. Even other companies are not a opponent for NASA spaceX is not like that. They are the first commercial company, in an article in NASA's official website, according to the Brown SpaceX is the first commercial company that sent human to International Space Station, and they introduced the reusable space rockets to the world. Next company is Tesla, we all know and like Tesla, brief introduction, it. is one of the biggest electric car producers in the world. The other company is SolarCity is a subcompany of Tesla about solar panels and clean energy. 


Let's move to the graph of musk's investment account, 

**** graph explanation ****

I want to end my presentation with these words of Elon Musk
