Hello everyone, I am Göktuğ. I am a sophomore student at the department of computer engineering, and I want to ask you a question. Have you ever used one of these products? If you have, you probably faced with deep learning unintentionally because these well known companies frequently use the deep learning. Today I am going to talk about two main reasons to use Deep Learning. Let me introduce the outline. First I am going to talk about what is deep learning and its method of learning. Second, I am going to talk about the diversity of its usage areas and reasons of this. Let's start with the first part, Learning method. We should ask the question what is deep learning. Deep learning is a subarea of the machine learning which is also a subarea of Artificial Intelligence. The distinction of the deep learning is Neural networks. This learning method mimics the real human brain and hold artificial neurons in itself. According to the Goodfellow from the book Deep Learning, and As you can see from the image, there are a network between these neurons and they are communicating with each others. They are all holding information in theirselves and during the learning process, they update these informations. You are probably asking the question what is learning process, learning process is the time when we give the data to the neural network. Let's look at the difference between traditional algorithms and deep learning. *GRAPH ANLATIMI*. Let's move to the second part, usage diversity due to the reason "not why but what", deep learning can be used in countless ways in countless areas. By not why but what, I mean that deep learning algorithms does not care the reason behind the happening but just interested in results and statistics. This reason result relation creates an opportunity to neural networks that they can be used by many areas. Deep learning neural networks do not have to be in one type. According to Goodfellow there are many types of neural networks such as convolutional networks which can be used during image processing or deep neural networks which can be used for classification tasks. And again according to Goodfellow there are many many areas that deep learning has been used. Such as advertising and entertainment industry, for example Google, Netflix, Facebook and YouTube as I mentioned in the beginning, for more industries, education, production can be considered.